This pizza is simple, fresh and a guaranteed crowd pleaser. It is a delight to make and even better to eat.
This one-pan veggie stir fry is delicious served as a main course or side with cooked rice.
The chewiest of chewy and the softest of soft, these cookies are a popular choice anywhere you go.
This dish features pasta drenched in a rich and creamy sauce, topped with juicy strips of seared chicken.
Easy, healthy and flavorful with just a few simple ingredients, this dish will be your go-to for busy nights.
Quinoa Salad with Avocado is fresh and flavorful and is a great plant-based lunch or side dish.
Full of flavor and beauty, tomato basil bruschetta makes the perfect appetizer for summer parties.
Packed with protein and deliciousness, this stir fry satisfies the craving for takeout and is healther.
Unbelievably easy to make with a few ingredients, you can serve this as an appetizer or side dish.
The ultimate seafood pasta dish with linguine, though it can work with any kind of pasta.
This dish is a celebratory rice and meat dish cherished in the Indian sub-continent.
One of the most popular curries in and out of Pakistan and India. Can be prepared fairly quickly as well.
This recipe is fun and very hard to mess up. It is a classic Pakistani recipe that everyone will love.
A recipe that is simple and easy to make, yet tastes like it is straight from an Afghan or Pakistani restaurant.
The most indulgent way to eat leafy greens, this dish is creamy and deeply flavorful and traditionall paired with roti.
A traditional Japanese noodle soup with that combines a rich flavorful broth and a variety of meats.
An amazing vegan recipe that adds the right amount of spice to chickpea for an addictive healthy main dish.
One of the most well-known Korean cuisines, this dish combines rice, veggies and meat into a bowl.
This traditional Greek recipe may take some time to assemble but it is well worth the effort!
The ultimate comfort food that any family will love. Serve it with butter naan, tandoori roti or chapati.
Make this with chicken or even entirely meat free. With sauce this good, you can put anything in it!
A popular dessert drink from the Indian sub-continent and is a summer special loved by everyone.
An easy and delicious tiramisu recipe that is perfect for any occasion.
A popular turkish dish comprised of seasoned ground meat that is skewered and grilled over charcoal.
This recipe contains and easy to make and perfect healthy meal or snack for adults and kids alike.
The classic Mexican street food that is considered to be the best way to serve corn.
A traditional Ukrainian/Russian soup loaded with meat, potatoes, veggies. It is a hearty and healthy soup.
One of the most popular South Indian breakfast dishes that is both aromatic and delicious.
A traditional Lebanese appetizer, side dish or vegetarian main dish. It is delicious in a wrap or as a salad.
The national drink of Brazil, it is the most popular cocktail in the South American country.
This is the perfect sharing snack to enjoy with your freidns and family, perhaps with a jug of sangria.
This dish is traditionally served with a fish sauce dip, but they are great with peanut sauce as well.
This dish is hearty, healthy, and packed with fresh flavor. Served as a side dish or as a meal of its own.
The perfect refreshing sweet treat on a hot day. It has a deep intensity and creamy texture that takes you to Japan.
These traditional Brazilian sweets are the perfect dessert for any occasion. Rich, creamy and delicious!
Customizable with your favorite fillings, this dish is always a crowd favorite.
This tasty shrimp curry is blanketed in the most luscious coconut red curry sauce and full of flavor.
This dish makes a great side for large holiday dinners next to lamb or lemon chicken, but can easily stand alone.
A hearty meal filled with nutrients and flavors galore, it is a healthy way to enjoy Moroccan cuisine.
A bubbly rum cocktail that tastes minty-fresh, citrusy and a little sweet. Can be paired with club soda for more flavor.
An Italian appetizer that starts with a base of toasted or grilled bread. A quick and easy snack or meal.
A very satisfying and healthy dish with tasty sauce combined with veggies and tender chicken.
This fresh and delicious dish is sweet and savory with lots of lime and cilantro. Makes a great appetizer or side.
This dish is the perfect balance of healthy and delicious, and will have you coming back for seconds!
A typical Neapolitan pizza from Italy taht features tomatoes, mozzarella, basil leaves and extra virgin olive oil.
A fun and healthy dish featuring pesto pasta, coating for maximum flavor and tossed with mozzarella.
A satisfying and flavor packed dish that features a homemade marinade for flavor enhancement.
A simple and easy vegetarian sushi recipe. Serve with wasabi, pickled ginger and soy sauce.
This Mediterranean dish is delicious and satisfying, thanks to the high plant-based protein and fiber content.
This smoothie is a simple and healthy snack that will transport you to a tropical island!